you will pay more and get less you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you when it comes to Services we're
getting shink flation everywhere you
look and I'm going to talk about that
today we're talking about health care
we're talking about child care we're
looking at the basics and yet they're
becoming so expensive they're
unaffordable I want to talk about this
right now beginning here child care
costs around the world are skyrocketing
looking at the soaring prices at this
time going just berserk the the you know
you look at the averages and so on they
don't do it justice absolutely not and
we're going to look at the chart I'll
give you a breakdown the economy as a
whole pays a high price for leaving
women out of the workforce Global GDP
could be 10% higher if female labor
participation matched that of men
they're trying to make this about that
and not looking at why the costs are
rising in the first place you see the
argument is the wrong one look the share
of income dedicated to child care varies
widely around the world looking at New
Zealand here
36% maybe okay Canada US just around
that 30% mark crazy that's the share of
the average wage of a couple going to
child care
costs like how do you even make sense of
that
of course they're subsid the government
usually subsidizes some of that and so
on some people and and what they're
talking about here I understand it is
that they're saying hey why would I go
to work if you've got two kids three
kids why would I go to work if it's
literally going to cost me more to put
the kids in the child care but that's an
absurdity when you
understand fact that like just a few
years ago the prices were okay and then
just go up up up up up up has the
quality of the Care become better in the
last 10 years I'd argue against that
it's probably roughly about the same if
anything is not so nice well what's
going on here well of course we have a
devaluation of our currency and we're
seeing inflation everywhere especially
when you look at what's going on with I
mean just pick pick
anything like you see it at the grocery
store you see it at the gas station you
see you see it
everywhere and this doesn't you know
depending on who you are like where what
your personal circumstances are if you
don't have children or children that are
not going to child care of some sort
well then you wouldn't experience that
but maybe you need healthc care oh and
that's a big deal because the prices of
that have gone up so much parents are
supporting adult kids financially and
emotionally what I want to say about
this just quickly number one is that
what we see the health care costs that
have risen the individuals here they are
being burdened by these cost dramatic
increases and this is becoming a booming
business people are getting older Baby
Boomers they're retiring they're going
to use old AG facilities and so on uh
but of course medical care costs arising
at a time in which more of it is needed
and that is a dangerous combination
nearly 60% of parents said that they
were providing financial support to
their kids uh adults between 18 to 34
that's because parents these days are
more involved and supportive of their
children's lives well into adulthood but
I got to say to be honest with you
prices were a heck of a lot lower back
then and and now what the parents are
doing is you know making it reasonable
for those kids to afford a home
otherwise they literally couldn't in the
major cities you cannot afford a home if
you're coming out of the gates you're
just out of school you're you're trying
to just buy a place oh well I can't it's
just too expensive I mean that is an
unusual thing we've talked about this
before but I wanted to highlight it here
today showing you why did car Insurance
get so expensive rates in the US have
risen 37% since January 2020 why is it
because all the crime is it because all
the theft oh no it's
because it gets more expensive on new
cars cuz they got lots of stuff in them
they got all the bells and whistles is
that why honestly is that really why or
are companies taking advantage of the
circumstances are cars filled with all
kinds of stuff look a door used to be a
door a piece of metal and then they
started putting you know a whole bunch
of 52 buttons on the door obviously you
get damage that door there's a lot more
to be repaired the insurance companies
do these calculations and say okay well
we got to start charging more I get that
but 37% more in the last like have cars
Advanced since like think about that
since 2020 to today are cars much more
advanced no Absolut absolutely not
absolutely not okay and so that's the
excuse they're going to use there's a
lot of theft we know that it's happening
but at the same time there's a
devaluation of the currency at the same
time companies are using this and
services you are going to pay more for
your services and you're going to get
less you have to understand this and if
you keep that mentality this is what I
drill home every single time I got my
live class I say the same thing okay I
always make sure to try to say that
shout outs to the live class by the way
where you need to realize that the time
in the past is not going to be the time
in the present of the future we got to
realize that we are in for a world of
hurt this is going on we're going to
experience more inflation 2020 till now
crazy 37% but understand that it's just
going to be another 37% the next time
they go to print cash you're going to
get hit with that and so you know what
are you g to do about it you got to
start taking action today you can't say
I really hope that goes down really hope
so but you can't you can't do that you
have to take actions today I got a
playlist called how-to and solutions I
got two books written U trying to
educate people I've got the compass free
course Compass themoney gps.com you can
get it for yourself let's start all
right so they're talking about the cars
like I look through I'm like do they
talk about theft at all in here not a
single mention of the theft but I can go
to other evidence here and just
understand in and out to close its first
location in its 75e history due to a
wave of car breakings and robberies
crazy just like the store is
acknowledging hey uh yeah people keep
getting broken into so we got to shut
down the store first in a 75 year
history that's a very unwelcoming sign
that that's just a really bad thing to
hear and so it's unfortunate in that in
that sense uh but just understand that
you're going to get less you're going to
get less like
just that that's what's happening it's
such a
terrible
thought the economy though you're going
to see oh don't worry about it because
the US economy grew at a bustling 3.1%
in 2023 shaking off the recession fears
and offering an upbe picture of
consumers and business this is ahead of
the pivotal election year everything is
fantastic guys all right look Mark xandy
had this to say it's just a perfect
report strong growth and low inflation
yeah that's right low
inflation your insurance went up
37% in just a couple years and yet it's
low inflation I mean these people are
completely out of touch more out of
touch than Janet Yellen the person who
makes two or made
$250,000 every time she spoke hire her
for a half an hour little chat some of
that was on
Zoom 250 Grand I mean that is a person
who is out of touch with what goes on oh
we're doing our best to make sure that
we get prices under control and so on I
mean come on you believe these people
look at these politicians where you know
you see their salary it's by the way
it's Trudeau it's you you see that with
every every president every they all do
it okay no matter how high you go up
their salary is you know X number and
then you look at their like their wealth
just unbelievable wealth gains it's like
something's not right here ladies and
gentlemen something something's not
right and then we look at the all these
other stats I'm seeing many of them
Contracting and this happens to be just
one it's the Richmond Manufacturing
uh look you know I pulled up several of
these but there are many whether it's
manufacturing whether it's there were
several I was looking at they they show
contraction at this time okay so all you
need to know is that that shows broad
weakness when I have shown you these
other stats in in the last week or two
basically all around this level of like
weakening or Contracting uh to some
degree that's not a good sign so we're
getting the tale of two stories here
where one is like hey everything's good
inflation's coming down that's what
they're reporting but then you look at
the real economy people are suffering
okay what can you do about it my live
classes my live classes the finance live
on Friday I go two hours getting into
everything there are people all
literally all over the world that are in
these classes now that are getting the
latest and greatest information so that
they can be well prepared but on the
Sunday class I go for two hours and on
there I teach people how to build an
online business why it's because if you
got to be dealing with less you better
know how to make
more but most people are scared or most
people are are
oblivious but the people in those groups
they're not I hope you'll be one of them
if you want to link in the description
and I'll see you tomorrow take care